Adding Maintenance section to XDN Starter (#30)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/starter.md

  })
})
```

### Evaluating sites for un-cacheable items

> * Using cURL command (or by clearing page specific cookies b/w refreshes), evaluate which elements of the page change with each new request made to the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using the cURL command (or by clearing page specific cookies b/w refreshes), evaluate which elements of the page change with each new request made to the page.
```

> * Generate a diff b/w the pages from different requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate a diff between the pages from different requests
```
